Subtitles by DramaFever
[This program is suitable
for viewers ages 15 and up.]
I'm not sure where to start.
I don't know what to say.
No, I'll still tell you.
Yes, I'll make it short.
I met my wife 20 years ago.
After I was discharged from the military,
a senior of mine set me up with a woman.
I was 25 years old.
We got married after a year of dating.
And we had a baby two months
after getting married.
That child was an angel.
I felt like she'd fly away with her
angel wings if I took my eyes off her.
I was the happiest during that time.
Na Hyun, my full moon...
"How did I have such a beautiful baby?"
But for a few days,
I couldn't look at her face.
My wife...
got into a car accident.
May I have another glass of water?
Na Hyun didn't sleep
if I didn't watch over her.
Dad.
Don't go anywhere
until I fall asleep, okay?
A second marriage?
Not at all.
All I needed was Na Hyun.
I didn't have any intention
to love anyone else.
You scared me! Don't stare at me
like that! You look like a ghost!
I'm sorry.
What is this?
You scared the crap out of me.
Na Hyun, I have something to tell you.
Tell me tomorrow.
I'm dating someone.
What do you think about having a mother?
I didn't ask her because I was curious.
Because I already knew the answer.
You're Na Hyun, huh?
It's nice to meet you.
[A man and a woman.]
Are you here? Please sit down.
Did you enjoy Honfleur?
- Yes.
Thanks to your tip, I ate delicious food
and had a relaxing trip.
Thank you very much.
- Then sing us a song.
- Gosh, don't ask her to do that.
- Should I? Should I sing a song?
- Yeah! Applause!
But, I'm tone-deaf,
so my voice will ruin your vacation.
I'll sing for you next time.
When will that be?
Deauville is 30 minutes from here.
Deauville is a beautiful, seaside city.
- Another beach?
- But it's a different beach.
If Honfleur is a beach
that inspires contemplation
Deauville is a beach
that makes you fall in love.
Love is great.
Big Sis Guide, do you have a boyfriend?
What do you think? Take a guess.
If you don't have one,
I'll introduce you to someone.
Really? I'd be thankful.
What do you think about our elite?
He came on this trip alone.
Yes...
Deauville used to be
a small beach village
but in 1861, Morny, the half-brother
of Napoleon III, developed the village.
He had one objective.
He aimed to build the top vacation
spot for bourgeois in France.
- Why aren't you answering me?
- Gosh, seriously! Stop it!
- She's not answering me.
- She doesn't have to.
She should answer an elder's question.
Why did you have to ask her
that question, though?
She said she doesn't have a boyfriend.
She didn't say that.
She told you to take a guess.
So I guessed that
she doesn't have a boyfriend.
Everyone has a partner,
but our elite is alone.
What did I do wrong?
Everyone's listening!
They have their preferences.
You shouldn't do that
in front of everyone...
That's enough!
- He's mad.
- You started it.
- I'm sorry.
- That's okay.
- Don't worry about it.
Deauville is a high-class vacation spot
that offers horseback riding, polo,
casinos, yachts, etcetera.
You're able to enjoy both
rest and entertainment
which is why many Europeans
enjoy coming here.
Their traditions are still alive,
so many clubs have been built.
I'm sorry and thankful to her,
because she still smiled.
It wasn't a situation
where you could smile.
Really?
People often don't know
their own underwear size.
You have to measure it precisely.
If you don't, it's uncomfortable.
If you're not comfortable telling
your dad anything, talk to me, okay?
I'm more uncomfortable with you, though.
You should have given me
spending money instead.
I put spending money in there too.
I'll decline.
I might have fallen for her then.
No one introduced us.
We met because of work.
I work at a forwarding company
and she works in
clothing import and export.
I made many mistakes
since the first time I we met.
Didn't you say you're near
Seodaejeon Station?
Seodaejeon Station is near
Seodaejeon Negeori Station
but it's not the same place, right?
I'm sorry, I'm just having
a hard time understanding.
Pardon? Seodaejeon Negeori Bus Station?
But that's not an intersection.
Seodaejeon Negeori Bus Station
isn't where Seodaejeon Negeori is?
[Seodaejeon Negeori]
Yes, I just got off!
Yes.
- To the right...
- Seodaejeon Station.
- Yes, it's Seodaejeon Negeori.
- Yes, yes.
- Behind me?
- Behind you.
- Behind...
- Head Chief Jung!
Hello, ma'am. I'm sorry I got lost.
My car broke down on the way,
so I parked it.
But I forgot my wallet in there
so I couldn't take a taxi.
I managed to take the bus
with the change in my pockets.
If you lend me some money
for my ride back, I'll pay you back.
- Sure.
- Thank you.
I borrowed 30,000 won.
The unit price couldn't be negotiated,
so we didn't make a deal.
But I went back there to pay her back.
Not at Seodaejeon Negeori Station
but at the intersection
of Seodaejeon Station.
I could have wired it to her...
But I wanted to buy her a meal
as a token of my appreciation.
No, I went back there again
the next week.
Why are you here again?
- Because of the money I borrowed.
- You paid me back.
I didn't pay you interest.
I paid her interest a few times,
but no matter how many times I paid her
I felt like I was still in debt.
I feel like a loan shark.
It's as if you owe me endless interest.
I know, right?
"I should stop."
"I should stop seeing her
before I like her too much."
But it was hard to do.
The start and end of our relationships...
have nothing to do with our will.
This is where the aristocrats
of Europe gathered.
In the beginning of its development...
Look at her.
There's something between them.
- I know, you said they're dating.
- Not that.
See? She won't make eye contact with him.
They were whispering
to each other not long ago.
How do you notice all of that?
And there are many potted plants
so it's a beach
"embroidered with flowers."
Designer shopping can't be left out
of a luxurious vacation spot.
The wooden villas
that I told you about earlier
has been changed into designer shops.
A movie called "Coco Before Chanel"
came out in 2009.
That movie was shot here as well.
That tells you that this place
is a symbol of luxury goods.
- Let's go to our next destination.
- Aren't we going to look around?
You'll have free time today and tomorrow,
so you can freely look around then.
Shall we get going?
It's me. You didn't answer my video call.
Yeah, I'm still working.
I'm not home yet.
Geez, aren't you overworking yourself?
I should get everything done now so we
can see each other when you get back.
Wait three days. I'll be back soon.
Okay.
But I'm pretty busy right now.
I'm sorry. I just have one question.
Do you like black or brown?
Don't think about buying me
anything, and hang up.
I like red.
Red?
- When will he be back?
- In three days.
- Time flies by.
- I know, right?
I thought it'd feel like a lifetime.
I still haven't gotten her a proper gift.
All men... want to buy a designer gift
for their woman.
Am I taking too much of your time?
No, please keep going.
You are.
It's not like we gathered
to hear your love story.
As Na Hyun's homeroom teacher,
it's important to know her family life
before taking disciplinary action.
Principal.
Do you talk to Na Hyun often?
I try my best, but she doesn't
want to talk to me.
- I'm home!
- Are you home?
Did you have dinner?
Did you eat dinner?
Gosh, seriously.
And does your potential wife
try to communicate with Na Hyun?
I think she's better than me.
Even if she's your daughter,
she's a girl.
Why would she want to hear you pee?
I developed this habit
when Na Hyun was a baby.
I was worried that I wouldn't be able
to hear her cry if I closed the door.
That's why I always kept the door open
when I went to the bathroom.
It's hard to fix an old habit.
It's not like she cries anymore.
Did you tell Na Hyun?
What's the use? She'll only understand
when she becomes a mother.
I'll talk to her for you.
You don't have to strain yourself.
I'll be Na Hyun's mother soon.
Mothers and daughters are the
closest friends in the whole world.
Tell me everything about Na Hyun
that I don't know yet.
I tried to tell her...
but I didn't know much.
She's my daughter,
but I really don't know.
We've never watched a movie together
since she graduated elementary school.
Have you watched "Casino Royale"?
This is where they filmed the movie.
You probably think of Cannes
when you think of French film festivals
but Deauville could be a city that is
more closely related to French films.
An American film festival has been
held here for the last 40 years.
And they've been holding the Deauville
Asian Film Festival since 1999.
It's the only festival that features
Asian films in all of Europe.
I was wondering... are we
allowed to go to the casinos?
Of course, you can.
But you must make a promise.
You can spend 100,000 for fun, but you
mustn't spend more than that, okay?
- Yes.
- You have to promise.
- I know.
Bring the money you intend to spend
and leave your credit cards
in your room. Okay?
I got it.
- And, Father?
- Yes?
You can't wear hiking gear
to the casinos, okay?
Why? This is expensive.
I just want you to dress like
a handsome gentleman for the casinos.
I do look like a gentleman
when I dress up. I will. I will.
Then, let's head to our next destination.
- Yes.
Please meet here by 8 a.m.
after having breakfast.
We will return to Paris in the evening,
so bring your luggage down.
I want to say two last things.
First, be careful of the casinos.
Don't do anything you'll regret, okay?
And second, don't wear hiking gear, okay?
I know. I'll dress like a gentleman.
Thank you for your cooperation today.
- Thank you.
Please call me if anything happens.
I'm in the same hotel,
so you can use the interphone.
- The elevators are that way.
- Yes.
Geez, thank you.
Hello?
It's me, San Ma Ru.
Hello, is there a problem?
No. I just want to talk.
About what?
Would you like to grab a beer?
I'm sorry. I have other plans.
Rest well, and I'll see you tomorrow.
A casino? Let's just go shopping.
Geez, let's go to a casino first.
But they're open all night.
The designer shops close at 9.
- You can shop tomorrow.
- I'm going to shop tomorrow too.
- Can you afford designer goods?
- I have my eye on something.
A wallet that costs 1.2 million won
in Seoul costs 700,000 won here.
A wallet? I thought
you wanted a shoulder bag.
How could I afford that?
They cost over two million won.
See? Money's the problem.
Think about it.
What you want to buy is too expensive.
But it's not satisfying enough
to only buy what you can afford.
If you only browse, your heart aches.
How meaningless is that?
But imagine if we went to a casino...
and hit the jackpot.
Yes!
People hit the jackpot
at least once in their lives.
Then, what do you think will happen?
Let's go to a casino first.
Bring your money.
I have it. Let's go.
I don't want to.
We should visit a casino
if we're in France.
You never wanted to go anywhere
before. What's gotten into you today?
We'll only go once
in our lifetime. Let's go.
That time when customers
came and played Go-stop
people next door reported it, so we lost
our business license. Did you forget?
I get goosebumps
when I think about Go-stop!
People don't play Go-stop in
French casinos. Get up. Come out.
Are you going dressed like that?
Gosh.
Don't drink like that.
- Aren't you drinking?
- I don't like beer.
Really?
- Do you drink?
- Gosh, you're so annoying.
You taught me how to drink.
You can drink beer with me,
but don't drink anywhere else.
- You're underage.
- I got it, Head Chief Jung.
- And who did you watch that movie with?
- Which movie?
There a movie that was a hit in Korea.
Have you watched "Mad Max"?
- Yes, I have.
- With whom?
Mind your own business.
How can I mind my own business?
That movie is rated R.
What? It's PG-15.
Yeah right. How can such a racy
and violent movie be PG-15?
- Then bet 10,000 won on it.
- Just you wait.
10,000 won isn't enough.
100 euros. 140,000 won.
- Deal.
- The internet is highly developed
so people can't lie anymore.
PG-15, my ass.
I love you.
But who did you watch it with?
You watched it with that woman, right?
You date around just fine
without me knowing.
We always watched movies together
when Na Hyun was young.
I looked at the rating
as soon as a movie came out.
"It's PG-12. It's PG 15."
"I can watch it with her."
As she grew up, we were able to
watch more movies together.
But she doesn't want to anymore.
Did you know?
People don't watch movies together
when they can't communicate.
- You can stop talking about that.
- This is important, though.
Na Hyun's dream was to
become a movie director.
That's why she wanted to create a film
that would resonate with kids her age.
"Film." A film?
Did you even watch what she made?
It's too dirty to even talk about.
But I'm sure Na Hyun wanted to
say something else...
Talking about it is dirty.
Erotic films are less dirty
than what she made.
- I'll apologize on her behalf.
- That's a given.
But I can't accept it from my standpoint.
I...
All of my daughter's faults...
are also my faults.
Because Na Hyun grew up watching me.
- What are you looking at?
- Should we play the truth game?
I don't want to. It's boring.
What do you think about me
getting married?
I said I don't care.
- Do you hate it?
- I said I don't care.
How can you not care about your family?
If I hate it,
will you cancel the marriage?
- Probably.
- That's what I hate.
I want to be me,
and I want you to be you.
Rather than trying not to do
what the other person hates
I'd prefer it if we both
did what we want.
What about school?
- You see...
- Don't be a coward because of me.
I don't want to be held back
because of you either.
- I'm not a coward.
- You are.
I'm brave, you know.
You know I was in
the special forces, right?
I was at the DMZ for a secret mission.
Don't talk about the military.
I'm sick of it.
Just listen to me.
The DMZ is above the MDL.
At night, there was an eerie vibe.
And all of a sudden,
something popped up in front of me.
So I pointed a gun toward it.
But it still...
crept up toward me.
I looked at it...
- and it was a tiger.
- Gosh, you're a liar.
It's true. It was as big as...
this table.
But that punk cowered for a moment.
And then it flew up into the air
and jumped me.
- Really?
- Really.
- What about your gun?
- I had no time to shoot.
It was already jumping toward me.
And then?
So I grabbed the tiger's neck
on a whim and yelled at it.
"You son of a bitch."
- And then...
- Keep going.
He said, "I'm not a dog."
It's an old story.
- Cheers.
- I said I don't like beer.
Really?
Excuse me.
[DF Ver] E09 The Package
-= Ruo Xi =-
Hey, you're heavy.
- Then exercise.
- What about school?
I played hooky.
Geez, way to be a good teacher.
Thanks for the compliment.
What about So So?
I found her.
- She bought me these clothes.
- Why did you come back alone?
- She bought me these shoes too.
- Is she doing well?
And she bought me this tie too.
Did she? My groom looks so handsome.
What do you want to eat?
- Food with lots of seasoning.
- That's my specialty.
Let's go. I'll make you food.
Wow, your shoulders are more broad now.
- Don't you feel safe?
- Of course.
Is So So still pretty as always?
Is she eating properly?
How is she?
Big Sis... turned into a French woman.
You look beautiful.
Let's talk.
- Let's talk.
- I don't want to listen.
I'm sorry.
You shouldn't be that mad about this.
I wore clothes and shoes
that I never wear
to watch a show that was too expensive.
I treated myself for once
in my life today. Don't ruin it.
I'm not enjoying myself here.
I'm not just fooling around with you
after breaking up with
my girlfriend during this vacation.
That's funny. How could you
say that in this situation?
Just listen. I'm going to say it
even if I seem like a loser.
To me, you're not just
someone I can pass by.
I was hoping you felt
the same way about me.
- What are you saying?
- I'm saying I don't want to be
one of many men you're seeing.
How can you be so shameless?
Am I not allowed? I like you.
Can't I express my anger after seeing
you in a love quarrel with other men?
Hold on. Can you explain
so I can understand?
What love quarrel, and which men?
Those men you were with in Honfleur.
You're driving me crazy.
Didier and Allan?
Those friends are lovers.
I know. I know that they're your lovers.
No, Didier and Allan are lovers.
But they're both men.
That's right.
They're engaged, but they were
about to call it off, so I tried to...
Wait, what were you thinking...
Did I seem like someone
who'd do that with two men...
Look here, San Ma Ru! Is that
the kind of person you take me for?
If they're lovers,
then what are they to you?
Don't you remember?
How did I introduce them to you?
- As your boyfriends.
- When did I do that?
Say hello. This is my friend, Didier.
I clearly said they were friends.
Say hello. This is my friend, Allan.
Don't you know what
it means to be friends?
Are all male friends boyfriends?
Then... are you just friends?
Not just friends, but my best...
- Let's stop.
- I'm sorry.
- You don't have to apologize.
- I'm really sorry.
I didn't know that,
and thought I was a nobody to you.
San Ma Ru, you have
the qualities that I hate the most.
You misunderstand, hurt,
and think however you want.
After expecting
the other person to see that
you just form your own conclusion.
And after finding out
it was a misunderstanding
you still want the other person
to understand you and comfort you.
And secondly...
I don't even want to say it.
Is that why you threw away the shoes?
I bought another pair in a bigger size
just in case they didn't fit.
I bought another pair, just in case.
I want to buy both.
Okay.
I tried to throw them away...
- but I couldn't.
- Geez, seriously.
I'm sorry for making you
wear shoes that didn't fit.
I knew your feet were pretty,
but I didn't know their size.
- I think you should follow him.
- No, that's okay.
Follow him. It seems like
he likes you a lot.
Really? Does it seem that way?
Trust me. I know what men are
thinking by the look in their eyes.
So So, are you crying?
- What's wrong?
- I'm embarrassed.
About what?
I misunderstood,
imagined the wrong scenario
and made a conclusion
without knowing the facts.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Get up.
Why are you acting this way?
Look at me.
Let me look at your face.
What's the matter?
What...
How impressive.
How could you lose
100,000 won in an instant?
We hardly make profits after selling
chicken. But 100,000 won?
I wasn't the only one who lost.
At least I was close.
I almost won too.
It just that it didn't
work out in the end.
If it works out in the end, is that
gambling? It never works out.
Stop it.
At least we had a fun time.
Was it fun to lose money?
It was the first time we've done that.
It was all shiny with lights
flashing everywhere.
That was unbelievably fun.
How did I live without knowing
how fun that is?
- Go.
- Where?
You said it was fun. Play another round.
- Really?
- Follow me.
I'm okay, though.
Then should I play
30,000 won worth of games?
Are you going in your hiking outfit?
- Is it locked?
- Yeah.
Are you sure?
In movies, people usually chase down
and kill people who win money.
It's locked.
18 million won!
- Are we trading it in tomorrow?
- Of course.
It's safer in broad daylight.
Let's count it and see
exactly how much we have.
How much is 1,420 euros?
Isn't it almost 19 million won?
This is strange.
Why?
1, 10, 100, 1,000, 10,000,
100,000, 1,000,000...
Give it to me.
1, 10, 100, 1,000, 10,000,
100,000, 1,000,000...
Wait.
It's 1.8 million won, right?
1, 10, 100, 1,000, 10,000, 100,000...
100,000...
1,000,000.
Hey, we still won almost two million won.
How great is that, right?
You're right. I'm so happy.
- 1, 10, 100, 1,000...
- Hey, stop it.
Hey, buy that bag you want
tomorrow. That two million won bag.
That's okay. I didn't win this by myself.
Why not? You won it with your money.
If this is 2 million won here,
isn't it over 2.5 million won in Korea?
It's probably more than 2.67 million won.
Then that means I'm making
670,000 won without doing anything.
It is a total win.
And we should spend
gambling money right away.
Can you buy anything
with two million won?
What would I buy?
I'll look it up, though.
Let's trade it in.
No one will try to kill us over that.
Yeah.
Geez, look at you.
You sure have a lot of guts.
If you were born as a man,
it would have been over.
Can you drink beer after
losing so much money?
Why did you convince me to go there?
If you ask me to go there again,
I'm going back to Seoul!
Geez, look at you.
I didn't know. I thought it was because
the shoes were small and I got mad.
"Wow, she has a bad temper."
That's what I thought.
I wasn't going to talk to you again
but after seeing the bandage
on your ankle, I felt sorry.
So So?
- Don't call me.
- Look at me.
I'm embarrassed.
I wasn't prepared when you showed up.
All of a sudden.
I must have tried to run away
as soon as I found a flaw.
That way, I wouldn't get hurt.
I was really happy
when you gave me those shoes.
You didn't know my size,
so you must have contemplated
about which size would fit.
I was thankful and admired
the time you spent for me.
But I found out you had
two pairs of the same shoes.
"They must be for his girlfriend."
We left each other.
That friend left me, and I left her.
I'll meet her when I go back to work
but there won't be time to be
sad or hurt about our breakup.
Because she'll have to harass me
on the company's behalf.
Is she your superior at work?
Anyway, it's unfortunate that
this happened in our department.
You can take care of the rest.
Yes, Head Chief.
As you all know, San Ma Ru is on standby
for absence without leave,
regulation violation, and duty neglect.
And regarding matters
involving Ma Ru... Deputy Oh.
- Yes?
- Take care of it
and clean off his desk and computer.
- I got it.
- At a time like this, work together
and do a good job
so Head Chief can be at ease.
Get back to work.
- Chief Im.
- Yes?
Don't let your guard down
because you found the file.
It's important to
pay attention to detail.
Don't worry. I'm taking care of it.
Did you take care of the form
for the shipment to Africa?
Their head chief is on leave
at the moment, so we'll have to wait.
Hey, act like the boss.
Can you really call him a head chief
if he's from that tiny company?
Tell them I want to talk to their boss.
Couple cacti.
- Put it in front of your monitor.
- Okay.
How pretty.
You shouldn't throw that away.
Ma Ru cherished it a lot.
- Can you clean it up for me?
- Yes, Deputy Oh.
I feel sad when I hear stories like that.
Tangled relationships
are always full of painful wounds.
But people still live together because
they know loneliness is the scariest.
Isn't this beach beautiful?
It really is, although I can't see it.
"A Man and a Woman"
was filmed at this beach.
A woman lost her husband to an accident.
And a man lost her wife to suicide.
The hurt man and the hurt woman met
loved, broke up, and then loved again.
- It's a happy ending.
- It is a movie, after all.
Do you think there
are happy endings in love?
There are. If you really love
each other, good times remain
no matter what happens.
Isn't it normal
for those times to remain?
If those times don't remain,
that's real pain.
Let's go for a walk.
Why didn't you answer me yesterday?
- About what?
- I asked you a question during the game.
Why do you think I came on this trip?
Because you love me?
You're so easy.
Why does it matter if we love each other?
If you have something to say, say it now.
If it's not about school, I'll listen.
You can't talk about that woman either.
Then I don't have anything to say.
Geez, isn't it cold?
Don't do that.
I had so many things I wanted to say...
but I should stop now.
I'll get married,
and she'll become a good mother.
I will provide a good family environment
so Na Hyun will grow up properly.
That... has nothing to do
with this incident.
I was unable to speak to her about
this topic because I'm her father.
Things can change
if a mother comes into the picture.
Problematic kids are problematic,
even if they have mothers.
I will pay more attention to Na Hyun
- so she can do well in school...
- Na Hyun's father.
Didn't you say you saw what Na Hyun did?
- Yes.
- Do you think that's something
that a female student should do?
I'm sorry.
I'm asking you about your thoughts.
Is this something she should do or not?
[Disciplinary Committee Meeting]
It's not...
something she should have done.
Is this something that
should happen or not?
It shouldn't... happen.
Are you asking for forgiveness
while knowing that?
Na Hyun is still a young child.
And we're adults.
- Forgiveness can be a lesson.
- As...
the president of the parents' association
I don't think our kids
should study at the same school
as someone who films such dirty footage.
I feel very strongly about this.
Na Hyun made a three-minute film.
I know it was so wrong
that it affected the school environment.
My daughter and I
are reflecting on our mistakes.
I'm begging you.
Please don't expel my daughter.
I can become even more
cowardly than this.
Although, you probably don't know.
What did they say?
Let's go home.
We heard the guardian's perspective.
Why don't we begin the meeting?
- Shall we vote?
- It's an open vote, anyway.
Why don't we just have
a show of hands, Principal?
Let's do that.
Then, who thinks we should
expel Jung Na Hyun?
I didn't do anything wrong.
You know that too.
Should we eat something
delicious before we go home?
Sure.
- Korean sausages?
- I don't like Korean sausages.
Pork cutlets?
Sure, let's eat pork cutlets.
It's nice to have a long
conversation with my daughter.
Let's talk lots tomorrow, too.
It's not like we ever stopped talking.
I'm so happy to hold my daughter's hand.
When I hold the hand of someone I love
I want to keep walking
until the end of time.
Even if the the land ends,
and the ocean begins
I don't want to let go.
That's why people
who hold hands at the beach
are people who love each other.
What's that movie called?
"A Man and a Woman."
The original title is
"Un Homme et Une Femme."
What does it mean?
A man and a woman.
A man and a woman...
are right here.
Subtitles by DramaFever
- The beach? Again?
- Wow!
If Honfleur is a beach
that inspires contemplation
Deauville is a beach
that makes you fall in love.
One, two, three.
- Is Na Hyun here?
- Weren't you together?
She disappeared.
There were times when I couldn't
stand Dad, but I never resented him.
- Jung Na Hyun!
- Dad feels the same way.
He'll never resent me.